README.md, before:

# mentorIA

## Introduction

mentorIA is a self-study studio designed to leverage Large Language Models (LLMs) to build customized study sessions. The application interacts with AI by prompting it with questions and subjects related to the chosen theme. Additionally, mentorAI can scrape educational content from various sites like YouTube, making it a comprehensive tool for self-learning.

## Future Features

- **AI-Powered Learning**: Utilizes LLMs to generate study material based on user prompts.
- **Web Scraping**: Gathers additional resources and educational content from sites like YouTube.
- **Interactive Sessions**: Creates dynamic and engaging study sessions tailored to individual learning preferences.
- **User-Friendly Interface**: Designed with ease of use in mind, making it accessible for all learners.

## Getting Started

### Prerequisites

Ensure you have the following installed:

- [Python](https://www.python.org/downloads/)
- [Flet](https://flet.dev/)
- [WireText](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=SaxionSD.wiretext)

### Installation

To install and set up mentorIA, follow these steps:

1. Clone the repository:
   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/yourusername/mentorIA.git

# Contributors

[![Contributors](https://contrib.rocks/image?repo=panda-coder/mentorIA)](https://github.com/panda-coder/mentorIA/graphs/contributors)

## License

[MIT](./LICENSE)

# Contact
For any questions or feedback, feel free to reach out to us at:

***Email***: fireball.vb@gmail.com

***GitHub***: [panda-coder](https://github.com/panda-coder)

Commit message:

doc(readme): add errors to documantation

README.md, after:

# mentorIA

## Introduction

mentorIA is a self-study studio designed to leverage Large Language Models (LLMs) to build customized study sessions. The application interacts with AI by prompting it with questions and subjects related to the chosen theme. Additionally, mentorAI can scrape educational content from various sites like YouTube, making it a comprehensive tool for self-learning.

## Future Features

- **AI-Powered Learning**: Utilizes LLMs to generate study material based on user prompts.
- **Web Scraping**: Gathers additional resources and educational content from sites like YouTube.
- **Interactive Sessions**: Creates dynamic and engaging study sessions tailored to individual learning preferences.
- **User-Friendly Interface**: Designed with ease of use in mind, making it accessible for all learners.

## Getting Started

### Prerequisites

Ensure you have the following installed:

- [Python](https://www.python.org/downloads/)
- [Flet](https://flet.dev/)
- [WireText](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=SaxionSD.wiretext)

### Installation

To install and set up mentorIA, follow these steps:

1. Clone the repository:
   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/yourusername/mentorIA.git

# Errors

For some instructions in case of [errors](docs/errors.md)

# Contributors

[![Contributors](https://contrib.rocks/image?repo=panda-coder/mentorIA)](https://github.com/panda-coder/mentorIA/graphs/contributors)

## License

[MIT](./LICENSE)

# Contact
For any questions or feedback, feel free to reach out to us at:

***Email***: fireball.vb@gmail.com

***GitHub***: [panda-coder](https://github.com/panda-coder)
